Fundamentals restructuring (#10929)
aspnet/Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/host/web-host.md

By [Luke Latham](https://github.com/guardrex)

> ASP.NET Core apps configure and launch a *host*. The host is responsible for app startup and lifetime management. At a minimum, the host configures a server and a request processing pipeline. The host can also set up logging, DI, and configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ASP.NET Core apps configure and launch a *host*. The host is responsible for app startup and lifetime management. At a minimum, the host configures a server and a request processing pipeline. The host can also set up logging, dependency injection, and configuration.
```
